Documentation: Run status in kedro-viz (#2436)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: docs/index.md

🎨 Rich metadata side panel to display parameters, plots, etc.     
📊 Support for all types of [Plotly charts](https://plotly.com/javascript/).   
♻️ Autoreload on code change.   

> 🔍 Visualise and inspect your kedro run to debug pipeline execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🔍 Visual Workflow view to inspect execution, errors, and dataset stats.
```

When i read it again, i got confused so I thought this is better ;)
